Lastpass source docs (#4431)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/lastpass-source.md

---
id: lastpass-source

> title: Lastpass Source
> sidebar_label: Lastpass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: LastPass Source
sidebar_label: LastPass
```

keywords:
  - lastpass
description: Learn how to collect audit reporting events from LastPass platform.
---
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import ExampleJSON from '/files/c2c/lastpass/example.json';
import MyComponentSource from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/lastpass/example.json';
import TerraformExample from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/lastpass/example.tf';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<head>
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex" />
</head>

<p><a href="/docs/beta"><span className="beta">Beta</span></a></p>

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/security-threat-detection/snowflake.png')} alt="thumbnail icon" width="150"/>

> LastPass is a password manager tool that allows you to store, secure, and autofill their passwords. LastPass' users get a password vault, which is the encrypted part of the LastPass password manager where a user's passwords, secure notes, and sensitive information are safely stored. This LastPass source collects audit reporting events data and sends it to the Sumo Logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LastPass is a password manager tool that allows you to store, secure, and autofill your passwords. LastPass' users get a password vault, which is the encrypted part of the LastPass password manager where passwords, secure notes, and sensitive information are safely stored. The LastPass source collects audit reporting events data and sends it to Sumo Logic.
```

## Data collected

| Polling Interval | Data |
| :--- | :--- |
| 5 min |  [Audit Reporting](https://support.lastpass.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lastpass&topicId=LastPass/api_event_reporting.html&_LANG=enus) |

## Setup

### Vendor configuration

> To collect audit reporting data from Lastpass, you must have an authorized Lastpass account. Also, follow the [Lastpass documentation](https://support.lastpass.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lastpass&topicId=LastPass/t_cid_and_hash_locate.html&_LANG=enus) to generate the CID (Account Number) and API secret ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect audit reporting data from LastPass, you must have an authorized LastPass account. Also, follow the [LastPass documentation](https://support.lastpass.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lastpass&topicId=LastPass/t_cid_and_hash_locate.html&_LANG=enus) to generate the CID (Account Number) and API secret ID.
```

> To collect audit reporting data from the Lastpass, you must have an authorized Lastpass account. Also, follow the [Lastpass documentation](https://support.lastpass.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lastpass&topicId=LastPass/t_cid_and_hash_locate.html&_LANG=enus) to generate CID(Account Number) and API secret ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To collect audit reporting data from Lastpass, you must have an authorized Lastpass account. Also, follow the [Lastpass documentation](https://support.lastpass.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lastpass&topicId=LastPass/t_cid_and_hash_locate.html&_LANG=enus) to generate the CID (Account Number) and API secret ID.
```

### Source configuration

> When you create a Lastpass source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector and Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a LastPass source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector and Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).
```

> To configure the Lastpass Source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the LastPass Source:
```

1. <!--Kanso [**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/). Kanso--> In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data > Collection > Collection**. <!--Kanso <br/>[**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-new/). In the Sumo Logic top menu select **Configuration**, and then under **Data Collection** select **Collection**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Collection**. Kanso-->
1. On the collectors page, click **Add Source** next to a Hosted Collector.

> 1. Search for and select **Lastpass** icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Search for and select **LastPass** icon.
```

1. Enter a **Name** to display for the source in the Sumo Logic web application. The description is optional.
1. (Optional) For **Source Category**, enter any string to tag the output collected from the source. Category metadata is stored in a searchable field called `_sourceCategory`.
1. (Optional) **Fields**. Click the **+Add Field** link to define the fields you want to associate. Each field needs a name (key) and value.
   * ![green check circle.png](/img/reuse/green-check-circle.png) A green circle with a check mark is shown when the field exists in the Fields table schema.
   * ![orange exclamation point.png](/img/reuse/orange-exclamation-point.png) An orange triangle with an exclamation point is shown when the field doesn't exist in the Fields table schema. In this case, an option to automatically add the nonexistent fields to the Fields table schema is provided. If a field is sent to Sumo Logic that does not exist in the Fields schema it is ignored, known as dropped.

> 1. In **CID (Account Number)**, enter your CID account number collected from the Lastpass platfrorm.
> 1. In **API Secret**, enter your API Secret ID collected from the Lastpass platfrorm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **CID (Account Number)**, enter your CID account number collected from the LastPass platfrorm.
1. In **API Secret**, enter your API Secret ID collected from the LastPass platfrorm.
```

| sourceType | String | `"Universal"` | Yes | Type of source. |
| config | JSON Object | [Configuration object](#configuration-object) | Yes | Source type specific values. |

### Configuration Object

| Parameter | Type | Required | Default | Description | Example |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| name | String | Yes | `null` | Type a desired name of the source. The name must be unique per Collector. This value is assigned to the [metadata](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata) field `_source`. | `"mySource"` |
| description | String | No | `null` | Type a description of the source. | `"Testing source"`
| category | String | No | `null` | Type a category of the source. This value is assigned to the [metadata](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata) field `_sourceCategory`. See [best practices](/docs/send-data/best-practices) for details. | `"mySource/test"`
| fields | JSON Object | No | `null` | JSON map of key-value fields (metadata) to apply to the Collector or Source. Use the boolean field _siemForward to enable forwarding to SIEM.|`{"_siemForward": false, "fieldA": "valueA"}` |

> | cid | Integer | Yes | `null` | The CID account number collected from the Lastpass platfrorm. |  |
> | apiSecret | String | Yes | `null` | The API Secret ID collected from the Lastpass platfrorm. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cid | Integer | Yes | `null` | The CID account number collected from the LastPass platform. |  |
| apiSecret | String | Yes | `null` | The API Secret ID collected from the LastPass platform. |  |
```

> | pollingIntervalMinutes | Integer | No | 10 | How frequently the integration should poll to Workday. <br /> Options: 10m, 15m, 30m, 1h, 24h. |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| pollingIntervalMinutes | Integer | No | 10 | How frequently the integration should poll to LastPass. <br /> Options: 10m, 15m, 30m, 1h, 24h. |  |
```
